{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15420\viewh13280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 How to download our GitHub repo and build project.
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1. Open Terminal/Command Prompt\
2. cd Desktop\
3. mkdir project_folder //name it anything.\
4. git init\
5. git pull https://github.com/dmrobbin/T11.git\
6. cd Milestones\
7. ls //Determine latest version of project(most likely biggest number, right now it's Mile3 folder)\
8. Login to your student server from command line\
9. remove everything\
10. mkdir public_html\
11. exit server\
12. Open netbeans or remain in the command prompt //I will guide using netbeans to upload project\
13. File->Open Project->Desktop->project_folder->Milestones->Mile3\
14. Right click project in Netbeans still and choose "Set Configuration->Customize"\
15. Here are my settings \
	-Run As: Remote Web Site (FTP, SFTP)\
	-Project URL: http://sfsuse.com/~jscandly/\
	-Index File: index.php\
	-Arguments:\
	-Remote Connection: Click Manage\
					-Name: thecity(this is arbitrary)\
					-Host Name: sfsuse.com\
					-User Name: jscandly\
					-Password:\
					-Private Key File: /Users/Jordan/.ssh/csc648848su16.pem\
					-Known Hosts File: Users/Jordan/.ssh/known_hosts\
					-Initial Directory: /home/jscandly\
	-Upload Directory: /public_html\
	-Upload Files: On Save\
16. After uploading, connect to your student server on command line and check that all files were uploaded to public_html folder\
17. cd public_html //on your student server\
18. Move composer.phar file into the home directory of student server(now you should have composer.phar and public_html in your home)\
19. cd public_html //you should already be here based on Step 17.\
20. chmod 777 -R tmp\
21. chmod 777 -R logs\
22. open your project url }